https://codepen.io/Scotth72/pen/GRJppxV?editors=1100
    1.What is Semantic HTML? 
	HTML reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to create electronic documents that are displayed on the World Wide Web
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a changeable property or characteristic of some component of a program that can be set to different values
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is used as the main header. You should use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    title tags and lang tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
     The head element is a container for metadata and is placed between the html tag and the body tag.
    7. What is an id?
     The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    The id attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once
    10. What is a class?
     The class selector selects elements with a specific class attribute.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
     On any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links 
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id?
    Write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The section tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document.
    The div tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. 
    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    The way we tell our CSS rule which HTML elements to style is by using selectors. 
    The element selector selects HTML elements based on their tag names.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, 
    whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    Example: Adding a ID to the heading to return to that top of the page.
    Adding a Class to an item.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Write a period (.) character
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p class="human"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent-child selector  matches when an element is the direct descendent of some parent element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    We would nest all the sidebar elements in another <div> with a .sidebar class.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Use the line-height property in CSS
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    The letter-spacing property is used to specify the amount of space between letters.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    The CSS text-transform Property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    Use outline-style property:dotted, color:black, 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
     The * selector selects all elements.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    Comment with /* , and end it with */ .
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
     pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm Removing a file in terminal is permanent and can not be retreived.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems,
    tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Often, usually after completing several steps.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow
    Add, Commit, Push

    Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Block-level elements occupy any available width, regardless of their content, and begin on a new line.
    Inline-level elements occupy only the width their content requires and line up on the same line, one after the other. 
    Block-level elements are generally used for larger pieces of content, such as headings and structural elements. 
    Inline-level elements are generally used for smaller pieces of content, such as a few words selected to be bold or italicized.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed . 
    The top , right , bottom , and left properties specify offsets from the edges of the element's containing block.
    (The containing block is the ancestor relative to which the element is positioned.) 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    The box method
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    paragraph, header, and div display block by default.
    Strong and i display inline by default.
    span display inline-block by default.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    The Box model sets how the HTML elements are structured from the CSS.
    Box-sizing is  the fix for the box model, border-box includes padding and borders in an element’s width.
